of ivory you do not find it a bit long
generic
finally Ceylon bridges not bah then
it's not long bar editing pixels
hello everyone capsule 17 we
this is him lionel hi stéphane and we
starts in germany on tuesday
but if kim for these beautiful words
let people pay artists
according to their good will
not sure that everyone likes it
was expecting mega bloks is finally that
he introduced us to low boom
for the moment the project is not
actually launch officially
this is a demo on which we do not
found that the term kim music the
service should look like a mix
between spotify and itunes
we can listen to music in
streaming or upload titles to
see the demo we say that also
some pieces of myspace donations
for the moment we can not test any
other functions of the site
if the whole presents rather well
difficult to make a judgment for
the moment we hope that this platform
will point the tip of his nose this year
still and that it will offer added value
compared to others but that's it
to check
cya
welcome to next car game new game
degling cars from the studio
finnish bug byrs
in the program 24 vehicles on the screen
completely destructible just like a
much of the scenery the star
besides graphics it's physics
of the game the next car games is always
developing but we can also
try in early access he proposes
already arenas for wrinkling of the sheet
a circuit on land another on the road
to test the steering is crumpled from
sheet metal so obviously all this is going to be
update as and when
weeks to come while waiting for you
can you walk in this demo
technological and mumuse with
the impressive engine of the game
we knew it google has fun at
implement many functions
hidden in its applications
here is for example what happens
when you tap tilt in the engine of
search a little more consistent
by typing 12 values ​​roll one gets one
full tour
go again for the
nostalgic of the web just tap
google and ninety nine nights and hop on
go back the gamers are not
not left behind since we write zerg
rush the page suffered a frantic attack
who will have to try to contain the
side of google images there is a breakage
bricks that pays tribute to old games
atari and google translate is same
able to beatbox
I think it's a good thing
youtube we can change laffont of the site
by typing certain keywords or playing at
little games for that just
click on the video is to type 1980
and the best for the end which is what
happens when you tap sweet harlem
shakes so much 2013 in this month of
january but big exit it is coming
brighten our screens has jammed nadj from
tim schafer the living god of the game
point'n'click like monkey island maniac
mansion and the mythical full throttle
broken edge sends us click in the
life of two characters shea and vela
so she is promised a sacrifice
for the sake of his village he is
raised alone in a large ship that
serves as a mom then
artistically it's very pretty we play
look like nothing and we think back after the fact
the universe and history unfolds to
through dialogues that are rather
well written and well translated and for this
which is on the point'n'click side we would have
liked a little more object to harvest but
good for a reintroduction of the kind
it is rather successful
she still wait for act 2 for
whether this is his adventure
twenty euros three and a half hours
to go around is a bit light
for an introduction
shing this bac kim yong hyun an artist
Korean numerals as indicated by his
name created a little software that takes
a screenshot every click that he
performed on his computer
he then compiled these clicks made
for a whole day in a video of
8 minutes you can repeat his name china
fights kim myong won about 1200 click
in one day that's the result of what
hurt badly fingers good now he
we have to do the same video with a
professional starcraft player
3 to a few months from the release of the
elder scrolls online bethesda opens her
robin communication with luxury
this week the presentation of
comedians behind the pathways of the game and
which comedian john cleese michael
diamond beckinsale malcom mcdowell
alfred molina and even bill nighy for
to mention just a few that's a
casting the film ray exactly that sort
on pc and mac April 4 then lionel
you tested the beta we can say that
this is the game that will bury world of
warcraft
not sure that the old man is dying but there is
many chances for her to sleep
scrolls online makes a good breakthrough in
Anyway she puts the means
James especially bought that does not annoy you
people who put hashtag after
all their messages on the networks
socials bought to scream venerates sweet in
anyway jimmy fallon and justin
timberlake had a good time
making this video that makes fun
nicely people who have the hashtag
aigulin but after a while that
gets drunk guys sy
increase for that hasek and that's where
we say stop
it is developed in Prague in republic
Czech by a small team that has us
already laid the excellent mafia game it's
kingdom come deliver a game and
medieval with dungeons but no
dragon of the heroic without fantasy
the action takes place in 14 103 we are
announces a realistic game in a world
open with the hype of the fight
realistic and a hairy scenario then
you can still kickstart and the
project even though they have already reached their
half million francs in just 36
hours that it that it's envy when
even huh ah yes it looks pretty good
but there is no dragon yet
good bah program good weekend lay at
you and good weekend to all to lead and
good click good surf you
no
you are